1) (ETA: 7h) Blog
	1.1) Interface part of things. Backend is for the most part complete, just need
	user interactions to be done.

2) (ETA: 2d) Sending mail.

	2.1) We need to make it round robin all the out nodes. make it retry on a
		different out node on failure

	2.2) The C# sendmail executable very incomplete, finish it.

3) (ETA: 2d) Rather than having 3 tables for different mail items (inbox, vinbox, outbox)
	we should have a single table for storing mail, and just use an enum for the
	'type' of mail item. This will be hard to do because the core is built around
	the existing system.

	3.1) Construct emails outside of memory.

4) (ETA: 20m) Make a function to properly explode an email address list. (or
	find a regex)

5) (ETA: ???) Make use of hooks class. This should only really be done after
	the project is complete. (Self Reminder: DOCUMENT EACH HOOK)

6) (ETA: 3h) Contact me page for users. This could be like a publicly editable
	profile page for all users. Can contain information for people to contact them
	or w/e.

	6.1) Settings page for editing things that can be found on profile page.

DONE 7) (ETA: 50m) Add first name, and last name support. Will require me to edit
	register function, user table, templates, and some javascript.

8) (ETA: 2h) Email Obfuscation, Phone number obfuscation, obfuscation of all
	easily identifiable strings in output.

DONE 9) (ETA: 30m) Privacy Settings
	9.1) Option to hide first and last name when sending mail
		9.1.1) Maybe a smart detector? If user has a reference to his name in body,
		attachment name, or something, disable the privacy setting? or maybe if the
		recipient shares the same last name, disable the privacy setting?
	9.2) More?

DONE 10) (ETA: 5m) Censor sensitive information on exception logging backtraces.

11) (ETA: 20m) Report slow queries to a server. (in sql.php)

12) (ETA: 1h) Write more tests.

DONE 13) (ETA: 1d) HTML Sanitizer.

DONE 14) (ETA: 40m) Password template.

15) (ETA: 3h) API and WebHooks

16) (ETA: 8h) Administration Panel
	16.1) Manage groups
	16.2) Manage users
		16.2.1) Virtual users
		16.2.2) User files
		16.2.3) Group (Assign new groups, or w/e)
		16.2.4) Profile Page (Need to complete profile page first)
		16.2.5) Attempted logins
		16.2.6) API & WebHooks
		16.2.7) IP Lookup
		16.2.8) Session manager (Browse sessions. Disable them, enable them.)
		16.2.9) Preferences, Settings, Password.
		16.2.10) Notifications
	16.3) Access nodes & out nodes
	16.4) Blogs

17) Page buttons, so you can go from one page to another. This is partally
	complete, but it needs to look nicer, and needs to be easier to use. So
	lets make a function in the misc class to construct page buttons with parameters,
	and on callback we can have it render the button.

18) Redo UI. Redesign the whole application to make it easier to make mobile
	responsive. So, Make a standard CSS lib that can be used everywhere.

19) Templating to CSS files. So we can access variables from PHP (useful for
	backgrounds, colors, etc.)

20) Settings
	20.1) Profile picture. This profile picture must be 200 by 200 pixels. This
	profile picture will also be shown on the profile page.

21) URL sessions. Put the session in the url.

DONE 22) Cache. Have the expandability to implement redis, or other memory based
	key/value database engines. We also need to cache the rendering of pages
	viewing mail items, so we dont reparse them all the time.... bad idea to
	reparse...

23) (ETA: ?) Image proxy for emails. To prevent IP leaking, we want an image proxy.
	But if someone uses cloudflare, proxying it with the server could/can render
	cloudflare useless. So we need to implement functionality for a http proxy,
	or for it to send it to a sub domain what points to another server.
	!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOTE: we are currently just redirecting to the image link
	so ip leaks are happening.

24) (ETA: 40m) Prefix all constants with "SM_", meaning, "SILENT-MAIL". It's just
	a matter of opening and replacing certain strings on all .php extension files.
	This could be done with a simple script.

25) (ETA: 1h)Restructure the asset loader. We are currently loading all scripts and styles
	separately (different requests), remake the asset loader in such a way they
	are all merged into one.

26) Completely remove router::instance(). We should be getting it from the global
	variable.

27) Reimplement searching with slightly different methods. Rather than searching
	for the exact word, search for the 'soundex' of said word. This will make
	searches more tolerant to spelling mistakes.

27) Make some queries more efficient. I.E. when we are inserting keywords for
	later searches in the inbox_keywords, outbox_keywords, and vinbox_keywords,
	we need to make the queries longer. So rather than inserting one at a time,
	insert 4-5. Whatever fits under the mysql max packet size.

28) (ETA: 30m) In a lot of places we use strlen, rather than mb_strlen. This shoundn't
	matter because the only encoding we have support for is UTF-8/ANSII. But for
	future support, we should use mb_length. So replace strlen with mb_strlen.

29) (ETA: 30m) Update the configuration. We should have the config encoded in JSON,
	This is so we can update the config from an update manager in the future.
	With this, we could also have a config manager script (of-course I would make
	this script require executing from command-line).
